good
doom and sylvain
fishing for cod
Here the attention both
he is looking for the most interesting point
business ranging from 90 to the first
following death is everywhere and it's
pretty
on the other hand I take you in photo
video
if we talk about live trout
and we see it's good but do not tap
pretty fish 20 months
point seconds yes yes the thing demers
not
m
wallah not all sizes brings back from
to get tired there it is but will it be
but
but he's head out of the water it's this
the work does not try to take him out
here
this is beautiful super beautiful you have
Catalan by some yes his will there is
there a magnificent and put back in the water
sweet in the world
you do not want to put the camera 2 or in
water is the unexpected fishing
marveaux louis however noted
recognized next time good
appetite
we will make this small lake here cherves
indignant I feared the worst to our
innovation the trout chef we were
said that I'm afraid he
did not have a small az
obtained information that we have
the habit is that we will see anyway
to yema first your 8
Domini and here the immortal valve that
pray for the trout to be dead 2
this virgin exercise them seem them
and